docs: add a Containers concept page and a render-props migration guide (#3022)
portabletext/editor: apps/docs/src/content/docs/editor/guides/custom-blocks.mdx

The Portable Text Editor handles text blocks (paragraphs, headings, lists) by default. To add structured content like images, code blocks, or calls to action, you define custom block types in your schema and tell the editor how to render and insert them.

:::note[Prerequisites]

> This guide covers `@portabletext/editor` **v7.x** and `@portabletext/toolbar` **v8.x** ([changelog](https://github.com/portabletext/editor/releases)). Requires React 18+. You should be familiar with the [getting started guide](/editor/getting-started/) and [custom rendering](/editor/guides/custom-rendering/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers `@portabletext/editor` **v7.x** and `@portabletext/toolbar` **v8.x** ([changelog](https://github.com/portabletext/editor/releases)). Requires React 19.2.7+. You should be familiar with the [getting started guide](/editor/getting-started/) and [custom rendering](/editor/guides/custom-rendering/).
```
